Half an hour away from the opens at Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with Annabelle Jewelers. Our top
stories, investors are very much
digesting these fresh trade threats from
President Trump, who's now flagging a
200% levy on pharmaceuticals and 50% on
copper. He's also doubling down on the
August 1st deadline for country specific
tariffs.
China's June CPI out this hour expected
to show prices stuck in deflation as a
consumption recovery fails to fire.
factory gate prices heading for a 33rd
straight month of declines.
And I'm Minman Lo in Koala Lumpur where
the US Secretary of State will attend
this week's Azan meetings. Marco Rubio's
focus on security issues and China said
to be overshadowed by President Trump's
latest terror threats.
[Music]
We're taking a look at market action
this morning and very much that focus is
on these levies that President Trump is
vowing not just on pharmaceuticals but
copper is the big focus and I want to
kick off with the market reaction that
we've seen because yesterday when this
was announced we did see a huge spike in
in the US contract for that but we asked
this morning seeing it a little bit
under pressure but importantly the
London one is is also in the red and and
the reason for that divergence that
you're seeing is because if you do have
those extra duties on copper imports
into the US it means less copper
potentially in the US but more for the
global market. So that explains the sort
of divergent reaction that we saw
initially even though both of those
contracts are in the red this morning.
Uh taking a look what we're seeing
across equities this morning again it's
pretty much wait and see mode here.
You're seeing equities a little bit to
the downside, but but mainly traders are
still continuing to assess because
yesterday we had some indications
perhaps there was flexibility on this
these tariff negotiations. Yes, that
August 1st deadline, but that window
that had been open for further
negotiation. President Trump really sort
of walking back on that, taking a more
hardline stance overnight. And so you
see that sort of risk aversion reflected
so far in the session. But let's take a
look at how copper stocks are fairing.
Of course, because that is where a lot
of the trading action has been so far in
the session. You are seeing most of
these under pressure so far.
Pharmaceutical, as I said, it is the
other big sector in focus. President
Trump is looking at up to 200% levies on
certain imports or companies. Again, a
bit of a divergent reaction so far, but
but certainly these are the companies in
Asia, Japan, Korea, and Australia that
sees sales of up to 907% rather into the
US market. That's TX pharmaceuticals for
instance, listed in Sydney. Taking a
look at the open ahead for China today,
again, it will be a little bit more
cautious the sentiment across the board
and you can see that reflected. A couple
of things in focus. Firstly, we've got
the the Hong Kong listings. It is a
bumper day for debuts today in the
session. So it's that IPO pipeline that
remains really strong in Hong Kong. The
other factor we're watching very closely
and this is away from the US but it's
that trading relationship between China
and the EU and that also has shown signs
of deteriorating Ivonne overnight.
Yeah, certainly that's one to watch. But
let's get it back to what we heard from
President Trump, right? Vowing to push
forward with his tariff regime. He's
stressing he will not, as Belle
mentioned, offer additional extensions
on country specific levies set to hit in
early August. And let's bring in our
North Asia chief correspondent Stephen
Engel. He's with us.
What is the state of play right now when
it comes to sectoral and reciprocal
tariffs?
Yeah. So yesterday there was uh the
market reaction was fairly muted to uh
this barrage of announcements including
of course these letters that were sent
out to some 14 nations uh including
Japan and South Korea promising these
are going to be your tariffs if a deal
is not done by August 1st. And he also
said at that time that he wasn't 100%
firm on those deadlines. Well, the
market took that as okay, maybe the the
the canon the proverbial cannons is
getting kicked down the road. Well,
today maybe his advisers said you were
too soft, you were not as firm. I don't
know. He came out very definitive today
on the deadline saying there's going to
be no extension beyond August 1st. And
also he gave more details on the
threatened sectoral duties. Bel just ran
through obviously the copper and its
impact, but pharmaceuticals as well. So
you're talking about a possible 50% rate
on imported copper. That's in addition
to the 50% rate we're already seeing on
steel and aluminum. So the metals
industries uh getting hit. We're also
seeing the pharmaceuticals. Very
interesting development there because if
outside foreign drug makers do not come
in and make those drugs in the United
States within the next year, maybe year
and a half, it doesn't move that quickly
by the way. uh it would be a possibly
200%
import duty. So the the markets are
being royd by all these more definitive
uh you know forecasts and threats I
guess you could say from Donald Trump.
But on the tariffs the EU and India were
two markets that we looked at yesterday
that essentially said okay he's not
sending letters to them. And he also
talked up that there's a potential deal
in the work. He's poured some cold water
on that highlighting in the EU and one
we'll talk about India in just a second
uh that he's not pleased with the fines
and also the levies on US tech firms and
within the next couple of days he could
be coming out with unilateral
declaration of new tariff rates on
Europe one of the biggest economies
trading partners of the United States
that he just 24 hours previously had
said there's progress
what a difference even a couple of hours
can make it seems
for the Trump administration. But let's
talk about India then because as you
said we we had those hopes yesterday
maybe we were close to a deal but but
this morning or overnight it seems like
the focus is very much on the alignment
and the involvement in bricks.
Yes. Remember also 24 hours ago seems
like a world away uh we were seeing
those Southeast Asian nations like
Indonesia like Thailand kind of
expressing dismay. I thought we were
working close to a deal, right? That was
the, you know, essential feeling. But
then they got slapped with the exact
same tariff that they got uh on April
second. So were those negotiations up
until now for not. Well, India felt the
same well different feeling. Maybe
they're feeling the same sentiment today
because they thought they were getting
closer to a deal. Uh but now Trump is
talking about essentially your alignment
with bricks as Brazil, Russia, India,
China and South Africa. Your alignment
with this trading block after that
meeting in Brazil where they essentially
roundly condemned US policy in Iran uh
and the attacks there as well as
unilateral approach to trade. If you're
aligned with bricks and any other nation
aligned with bricks, you're going to get
a 10% baseline uh tariff on top of
whatever uh unilateral tariff or
reciprocal tariff as well as sectoral
tariffs. So again, that is throwing some
cold water on a potential deal if
there's going to be another 10%. He
says, "I can play that game, too."
Donald Trump quote unquote when he was
talking about uh the bricks was set up
to hurt us. And I think we need to talk
a little bit more about bricks because
essentially in addition as I said to
Brazil, Russia, India, China, South
Africa, there's also Indonesia, Iran,
Egypt, and UAE are members and Ethiopia
added as members of BRICS. And keep in
mind, Thailand, Malaysia, and Vietnam
are partners with BRICS. So if he's
going to be going after BRICS nations,
we're going to have a few more days if
not weeks and months talking about this.
Yeah, certainly an expanding group. So
it's it's going to be very difficult if
countries are in that position where
they're forced to choose a side which is
obviously part of the US's goals here.
But that was our chief North Asia
correspondent Steven Angel there. And we
can get more on this uh bring in Bill
Lee, chief economist and executive
director at the Milin Institute. And I
think Bill just picking up on on what
Steve was saying there. I think part of
the confusion sometimes can stem from
the fact that tariffs have have a range
of different purposes. you can either be
looking to to correct trade imbalances,
collect duties, coercive actions as
well. Does that contribute to to the
confusion that we have around what's
been announced so far?
President Trump loves tariffs so much
and he uses it way too much. Um I think
most economists will tell you one policy
instrument is really should be directed
toward one policy goal. Now, if you have
uh different um policies for every
country and you don't want the kind of
uh um World War II uh WTO based
rules-based system because that's no
longer adequate for the 21st century
trade, which is what President Trump
believes. Uh he wants to reshape the
system to have much more in the way of
bilateral and regional deals. And that's
why he's asking every country, come make
a deal. uh and if you don't, I'm going
to give the the stick of high tariffs to
incentivize you to quickly make these
deals. Unfortunately, most countries
have treated the uh the offer as though
it was under the lawyer like rules-based
system where it would take years to
negotiate these deals. And I think
President Trump is saying, "Look, I need
a framework. I need something that
you're going to agree to. More
importantly, I need you to open up your
markets. We're no longer worried about
tariffs. We're really worried about
non-tariff barriers which so many
countries especially in the EU, Japan
and and and other countries have put up
in place of tariffs. And I think that's
the those are the objectives I think
President Trump is going after. But
again, remember when he first got
elected, he said to WT to the World
Economic Forum, US is open for business.
Please invest in the United States.
Partner with us. produce your stuff here
and you'll be protected not only with
smaller governments, uh, lower taxes,
fewer regulations, but also a protective
barrier of tariffs to protect you from
unfair competition. That was the package
he offered. And so far, um, he's he's
getting the the the fuel regulations and
lower taxes in place, but the the
tariffs themselves have only come in
place for what, UK, uh, China, and and
and, um, one other country. So, so those
deals just are not being he'srated.
Yeah, it's interesting that so we we
know why you know he's trying to tackle
certain multiples fronts, right?
Different MAGA goals, but how likely is
that is he really going to deliver and
actually, you know, achieve those goals
and in what way? And and how do you
think that they need to recalibrate
their strategy moving forward?
I think he he felt it was important to
be disruptive and very quickly
disruptive because again he's facing a
tight deadline of his own. Uh by the
time midterm elections come around
everything is done. He's become a total
lame duck president. Um and so all
reforms that are going to be put in
place are going to be done between now
and midterms. Uh and this international
reform is really going to be the most
difficult because again it was created
by a whole bunch of lawyers for over
many many decades. Uh and it's going to
have to be reformed very slowly. But he
he wants to put in place the the notion
that come to the United States, partner
with the United States, and you'll be
treated like a a a valued partner with
low tariffs. If you don't do that, uh
and insist on producing abroad and
coming in, you're going to face a high
tariff barrier. That's the notion he's
trying to push very hard right now. And
again, he's got a a short timeline to
put at least most of the frameworks in
place.
Do you think that it has the intended
effect? And I'm thinking more about the
coercive purpose here. Will it change
any of the actions of major trading
partners, specifically China?
The key question for every question to
ask themselves is how important is the
US market to your exporters? Uh if you
can find other markets, then then I
think that they're going to say to
President Trump, hey, keep your
marketplace. We can find the same
profits somewhere else. Unfortunately,
the US uh Americans are such great
consumers that that we import so much
from the rest of the world. It's going
to be very hard for many countries to
find replacements. And also, I think the
United States is is is is learned its
lesson from COVID and realizes there are
strategic industries it just has to have
at home, even if it's more expensive,
like pharmaceuticals and some of the
metals that you're seeing, the high
tariffs that are being put on to protect
and incentivize more production in these
strategic industries.
Um, I'm looking at something like copper
prices, right? given the threats of 50%
tariffs on on US copper and you know the
whole inflationary pressures that we
we're seeing across you know all these
certain types of uh uh uh goods and and
then whatnot but we're not seeing it
quite in the data just yet Bill are we
going to and how much sort of
inflationary pass through are we going
to see to consumers
you know Ivon every economist by
instinct says tariffs are terrible
because they are inflationary they they
reduce growth they they're attacks on
consumers um all of that is True. Uh but
again, remember why it is that President
Trump is using this particular tariff
instrument. He wants to incentivize
investments in the United States.
Produce more stuff in the United States.
You produce more stuff that is
disinflationary. Um and and remember the
US is a very closed economy. Imports
consists about 14% of GDP. uh consumers
uh consumption basket uh is about 65 70%
services which are domestic non-traded
stuff uh and 30% goods of the 30% of
goods maybe 25 30% of those come from
imports and you can say they're indirect
effects and stuff like that but if you
have a even a doubling of the price of
imports the amount that'll show up in
the CPI which is again heavily biased
toward domestic non-traded services uh
it's going to have very little impact um
because we saw From the experience of
the first Trump administration where
tariffs went in, CPI went up by about a
quarter point over about 2 three years.
That's hardly that's hardly measurable.
That's roundoff error.
But is there a deterioration do you
think in in the health of the US
consumer? I mean, one of the sort of
more very micro indicators this morning
is the Amazon Prime Day spending which
is down around 15% in the early hours
from last year, but of course consumers
can be waiting for further discounts.
What do you make though of of the health
of the US consumer right now?
And well, that's a great point. Um, when
you look at retail sales, you saw that
it really slowed down quite a bit in the
last month. That's because all these
consumers bought the consumer durables
and and and appliances in the months
before. Uh, but at the same time, uh, if
you look at sort of the the items that
people consume on a regular basis,
something called retail control, which
is what goes into GDP, that really uh
increase at a fairly healthy clip. Now,
no, no doubt about it in consu
consumption is slowing down from a more
unsustainable pace of like two and a
half almost 3% growth uh in the last
half of the of last year and and and
early first quarter uh to a more
sustainable pace of about 2% or a little
bit less than 2%. So, I think there's no
doubt there's a slowdown. There's
slowdown in the labor market as well uh
because the private sector just isn't
hiring as quickly as as as it did
before. But, it's nowhere near below
trend. It's nowhere near something that
would cause people to worry about
recession. And I think the the
fearmongers have really gone way over
overboard in saying, "Oh my god, there's
danger of recession. There's danger of
hyperinflation. There's danger of
stlflation." All the inflations haven't
shown up yet except in soft data. When
when people are asked their opinions uh
and and people are are hyped up by a lot
of the news stories that oh gee, we're
going to see more inflation. Yeah, the
opinions are saying, "Yeah, we are
expecting more inflation." But if you
look at the financial markets and where
the break evens are, that has come down
to about two and a quarter has stayed
two and a quarter for almost six months.
So, so I think the financial markets are
pretty much getting it right that that
the inflation surge is if there's any is
going to be hardly measurable and
inflation expectations have really been
barely anchored at two and a quarter
which is what has comforted the Fed all
this time.
Yeah. The market's pricing what two cuts
now a little bit more aligned with the
Fed. Is that the right sort of pricing
you think right now leading up to the
end of the year, Bill?
Well, compared to consumer surveys, I
would tend to believe the the financial
markets because after all, those are
where the pros are putting millions and
millions of dollars on the line. Uh, and
when you ask opinion polls, um,
depending on whether it's the Michigan
survey, which is he heavily, uh, biased
toward Democrats, uh, or other surveys,
um, again, uh, people's opinions change
on the dime depending upon the news
stories they hear. And unfortunately, a
lot of my peers and and my colleagues in
the economics profession are telling
everybody, hey, you're going to have
high high prices coming in front of you.
You better start worrying and people
start worrying.
Bill, we got to leave it there, but
thank you so much, Bill Lee there
joining us from Milin, the chief
economist and executive director. We got
some breaking news when it comes to what
we're hearing in the trade front with
China this time. So, they are now
putting eight Taiwanese military
equipment producers under this exports
control list. This is according to the
ministry of commerce here. So companies
include the likes of aerospace and
industrial for example. Uh and those
measures according to the commerce uh
ministry is effective immediately. We'll
continue to watch that one as well. But
yes, banning the exports of dual use
items exports uh for Taiwan. And yes,
Bel. I was just going to point out as
well, it's it's interesting the timing
of this because Taiwan is about to kick
off its most expansive annual military
drills ever uh to to to essentially go
over 10 days, but double the usual
number and more than 20,000 reserveists
are being called up. So certainly it is
a time of of rising tensions, I guess,
and cons and questions of Taiwan how it
would protect itself in the event of any
kinetic conflict.
All right, we're coming on the opens of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. This is the China show.
[Music]
You're watching the China show this
morning and very big focus of course on
what's happening in the metal space. I
mean, we've had President Trump just
overnight doubling down on his tariff
threats and and also bringing in new new
areas and copper the big focus today. I
mean, we had a huge surge on on the US
contract overnight. It's it's under a
little bit of pressure this morning so
far, but certainly I mean, you can see
there a jump of nearly 12% over two
days. So, our metals and mining reporter
Martin Richie joins us now. And and
Martin, I mean, I guess you know, this
this sort of reaction is is very much
expected.
Uh yeah, another big uh shock for the
for the copper market last night. Uh it
looks like there's going to be a tariff
possibly of 50% which is perhaps higher
than people expected on uh copper
imports into the US. As you said uh the
price in New York which is the main US
contract uh went up by as much as 17%
uh last night immediately after that and
it has come down a bit. Um, look, the
the the basics of this is that there's
going to be less copper available in the
US and and more for the rest of the
world. And that's why you're seeing the
LME price, the London Metal Exchange
price uh which governs the market in the
rest of the world come down a little bit
uh this morning. Uh we're still waiting
for really a lot of details though uh
around the tariff. We've got a we've got
a a a notional number, I guess, from
Trump. Um but it's possible there could
be exemptions for example uh for some
suppliers to the US or for some types of
products to the US. We don't really know
the the depth and scope of the the
tariff as yet. So that's why markets are
still a little bit ky after the the
runup yesterday.
Yeah. city had an interesting note
saying that this is a watershed moment
when it comes to the copper market this
year that if we see these tariffs
implemented uh imminently that this
would abruptly close the window for
further significant USbound copper
shipments possibly for the rest of 2025.
Is that sort of the the narrative that
you're seeing among some of the analysts
and and people that you talk to right
now?
Yeah, this that's right. So this this is
about the the kind of rush to get copper
from anywhere in the world. a lot of it
from Asia uh to the US, get it imported
into the US before any tariffs uh are
imposed. Uh because Trump has sort of
front run this by, you know, saying by
launching uh in not long after he came
to office that he was going to target uh
copper. Uh so that's triggered uh over
the past months uh traders uh producers
trying to send as much as possible uh to
the US uh hope in the hope that the
copper gets there uh and then it becomes
much more valuable if it's in uh if it's
in the US warehouse the the announcement
now and particularly because uh
Secretary Lutnik uh also said this
tariff would be imposed end of this
month August the 1st possibly that's
probably put an end to that trade for
now.
All right, Martin, thank you. Martin
Richie there, Blue Metals and Mining
Reporter. And yeah, we'll continue to
track those copper prices here. The
biggest one day spike on record when it
comes to ComX futures as well and
briefly touched that all-time high as
well. Here's how the pre-market in Hong
Kong is shaping up today. It's a big
listing day. We talk about five big ones
that are going to be listed here. Lens
Technology, the Apple supplier, is
certainly one of the bigger ones, which
we'll tell you about as well. We are
seeing when it comes to pre-market
slightly to the downside here today.
Futures are pretty flat this morning and
rem holding around 718 levels. We're
watching Heers Land in particular as
well. Uh in particular when it comes to
what we're seeing in the property
sector, they're offering this
convertible bond of up to 78 billion
Hong Kong dollars that's due for 2030.
the stock down. So 5%.
[Music]
All right. It seems like every day
there's a new listing in Hong Kong,
right? But today's a big one in
particular. So six listings, five of
which are stocks. One is an ETF, but
Lens Tech, that's the big one here
today. And 48 Technology, that's up some
close to 9% right now. But Lens Techch,
that's probably more household name.
Give it its Apple supplier. And yeah,
the world's second richest Chinese woman
owns that company, too.
Yeah, it's a really great business
story. And I think as well, it's going
to be interesting to watch because we
had seen the shares already rising in
great market trading. They're actually
priced at a pretty significant discount.
The Shenzhen listing, I think around a
30% drop to the Friday close that we had
for the mainland stock, but certainly
this is a bumper debut for for Hong
Kong. And we've been talking about Hong
Kong possibly looking to even take the
IPO crown globally this year. So, we're
going to have more on these debuts just
ahead. You're looking there at a live
shot from the Hong Kong stock exchange
up on the stage. We'll have more ahead
on the China show. This is Bloomberg
[Music]
You're watching the China show and Avon
was just saying this is the moment you
might want to either turn your sound
down, put some ear muffs on, but you can
prepare for what is going to be a bumper
listing ceremony this morning in Hong
Kong. So, we're panning across here down
at the local stock exchange, but six
gongs are up on the stage. You've got
five companies that are listing today,
one ETF making its trading debut. But
certainly, if you need sort of a signal
or a symbol of how the Hong Kong IPO
pipeline is heated up, I mean, this is
it right here, right now.
What should they do? They going to hit
it all together. Are they going to do a
do a chord or do a a sequence? Who
knows? Okay, Lens Tech is the one
opening higher here this morning. We
also got Geek Plus, uh, 48 Technology.
So, these are just a few of of the ones
that are about to now bring that gong to
a big bang. Let's countdown right now,
of course, to their debuts.
All right. I could hear the the
reverberations
from here from the Hong Kong. Lot of
excitement down there this morning.
Uh yeah. So, we'll see how these these
listings uh turn out here today.
Certainly, as we talked about Lens
Technology, that one, as you mentioned,
has a bit of a steep discount. Uh but
yeah, still market at the top end of the
range. So, demand picture certainly for
some of these tech stocks, these growth
stocks uh in Hong Kong. It's still very
much there. Uh what we're dealing with
today, of course, is still the headline
risk with what Trump mentioned there.
Valley no tariff extension August 1st is
firm when it comes to the imple
implementation of these levies. Stocks
aren't doing a whole lot here, but then
again, we're watching very closely what
happens uh with copper prices there. We
should have the copper price there.
There you go. We're slightly down in the
Shanghai futures though. But following
what we're seeing with LME, but keep in
mind the COMX futures in the US surged
all the biggest one day spike since data
compiled. I don't know when. So there
you go. That's where the divergence is
that spread. They're certainly widening
between the US and LME as well. So
that's where the point of contention
here is this morning. Also, we're
tracking this global step bomb selloff
that seems to be resuming in Japan. In
the US, Treasuries fell for a fifth
straight day as well. We don't we
haven't talked about the RBA and what
they did and really wrong footing
traders there yesterday with that
surprise hold on rates. So, yields are
overall in the region heading higher
here this morning. And we do have that
JGB auction coming up later on today.
But 30-year yields not doing a whole lot
in China. That's pretty stable here
right now. Uh but you are seeing a
decent bid when it comes to CLA a shares
for example. We just had those uh some
car sale numbers that came out of China,
which we'll tell you about a little bit
more about here today. But here's how
Hong Kong is looking up uh right now.
Just given, you know, the bumper sort of
day we're seeing when it comes to
listings. Hong Kong is actually doing
this. So, a bit of a different picture
here. Uh we're down about 610 of 1%.
HStech is on offer here today. And
you're still seeing quite a bit of
selloff here when it comes to Alibaba,
Mtoan. It really goes to show where this
whole competition around food delivery
is really kind of weighing on these
stocks. I believe they're one of the
worst performers uh in the Hangen Tech
gauge of of late. Uh Wendy Louu from uh
JP Morgan has a great sort of note
talking about the the anti-involution,
right? How China is going to tackle the
excess capacity that you're seeing in
sectors like solar, like EV space as
well. And maybe that could actually be
equity positive. We'll get a take in the
next hour as well. Uh but we're watching
very closely the tech space. So there
you go. Tensson also is down about 1%.
Pines property is also 2%. I believe
Henderson Land might be the one that's
dragging that given they are doing a
convertible bond sale here today as
well. Hong Kong dollar is still on the
weak side. And do we have inflation
numbers yet, Bill?
Yeah, we do. And actually, I I think
it's really interesting you make that
point around involution and that race to
the bottom. Does it actually start to
feed into deflationary pressures and
have an impact there, but you're really
seeing it. And if there's one key
message that you can take from the
inflation picture this month, it's that
there really is no line or or or end in
sight yet for the deflationary pressure.
So PPI uh we've seen that going further
into contractionary territory on the
year. So the reading has actually come
in worse than economists had been
expecting contraction of 3.6%. The
survey had been for 3.2 or negative 3.2
and a deterioration from the month prior
where it was negative 3.3. Uh so that is
the 33rd straight month here of factory
gate prices extending their drop. On the
CPI side, this has actually come in a
bit better than expected. So the the
survey had been for again contractionary
territory for a fifth straight month.
Actually we've rebounded here or
recovered in into slight positive or or
or modest rise here of.1% instead. So
you're reversing that earlier trend
again when we had seen prices in
contraction but in aggregate here as we
said no end in sight yet really for
deflationary pressures in China
especially at least when it comes to
factory prices right 33 straight months
certainly is a trend. Uh what's going on
the CPI side? Let's bring in Erica Tay,
economist at May Bank Investment Banking
Group. She joins us now. Uh Erica,
interesting enough with the CPI numbers
that we are bucking four months of
deflation. What why do you think we're
seeing a bit of a surprise here?
Well, I think the short answer is oil.
So, we were looking at uh CPI inflation
of 0%. So, the outturn came in a little
bit better than we expected. And we all
recall that in June actually oil prices
uh spiked up a little while to the 80s
and I believe that that brought up um
energy cost uh in China. So that is
probably the bump and right now uh crude
oil prices have come back down into the
60s again. So I think um the improvement
in headline inflation might not be quite
so sustainable. So, we're still looking
at uh uh CPI inflation for the full year
at uh quite a low 0.4%.
Um and then in terms of producer prices,
um I think you can still see um the the
wreckage um uh filtering through from
the weak property market. So uh
construction starts are uh actually on
track to fall by three quarters compared
to the peak in 2019. So that is overall
depressing demand for the heavier
industrial materials and we can see um
that is why uh PPI prices uh have been
uh falling sharper than expected.
So on the on the CPI side and just sort
of to to wrap that up or continue that
conversation,
what measures do you expect to be then
announced because we've seen for
instance that early success with the
trade in subsidies? Do you see this
being expanded at all?
So I think the the thing the magic about
trade in subsidies is that it's quite
immediate. So, you know, if you tell
people you get 15 off um a mobile phone,
um they will immediately rush out to
buy, which is why you saw um mobile
sales up uh 33%
um the the last month and then um
appliance sales up more than 50%. But um
the bad thing about such uh subsidies uh
is uh also that you know people are not
going to keep buying mobile phones and
uh gadgets and appliances um every month
thereafter. So I think um even if uh the
subsidies were to be extended the boost
uh would have faded naturally
and and some provinces are running out
of funds that have been allocated by the
national government as well. So to your
point, Erica, they can't keep going on
with these subsidy programs. So what
would you suggest, right? What what are
some more sustainable measures to really
revive sentiment?
Um so I think um there's two things. One
is to create uh domestic demand and I
think um the government is actually uh
going to roll out more fiscal measures
uh to support uh social safety net. So I
think that is really a more sustainable
way of lifting incomes. And then um
secondly of course a lot depends on the
job market um which is tied to corporate
profits. So uh we note that for
manufacturing firms uh about 30% of
industrial firms are loss making as of
May. Um so this is um compared to about
a quarter of loss making firms at the
end of last year. So it's not a pretty
number and you know if profitability is
um continues to decline then um I think
companies will have to uh curb hiring
and to curb wages. So that is u not a
good look for the employment front.
What about the the deflationary
pressures more on on the factory side
because there's some warnings for
instance we could see these price wars
continuing for years. Is there going to
be anything to sort of arrest the
decline do you think?
Um so I think a couple of things uh one
we are not uh seeing any improvement uh
on the property front which has been um
a key source of demand for the uh
upstream materials. But uh what about
the the consumer product front? I think
uh involution or intense price
competition um has to stop. So I think
the the government has come in to say
that uh uh to encourage uh large firms
such as um the EV manufacturers to um
hold back from such sharp price cuts. So
I think um action or responses by these
um uh industry giants might help but
also I think um companies are are trying
to export uh what they can't sell
onshore. So that is also leading to uh a
rush or a deluge uh of consumer goods
exports uh to the rest of the world from
China at falling prices.
Uh Erica, we haven't even talked about
tariffs yet. Markets are still pretty
quite optimistic about a framework at
least that the China has struck with the
US. What what assumptions are you making
in terms of where effective tariffs are
going to be landing in a few weeks or
months?
Um so I think that um uh obviously
markets have been quite shaken by uh
Trump um Trump's letters uh yesterday
but we believe that uh overall uh the
deals will uh come in and settle at more
manageable levels than what was
threatened. So I think the letters uh we
view them more as a brinkmanship or a
showmanship. So um speaking to uh the
counterparts that are negotiating with
the US um uh government um they say that
the trade negotiations are actually uh
going quite well and are wrapping up. So
I think um the letters or the threats of
higher reciprocal tariffs might be a way
to um squeeze more out of uh the
negotiating uh parties before an
eventual deal. Uh so we do note that uh
you know America's inflation has been
coming in quite benign and that is
largely uh thanks to the ability of uh
the non-Asian uh economies especially
Azan to keep on sending goods uh to
America during the 90day pause. So uh we
saw that actually America's um the
percentage of American um goods imports
from Southeast Asia has exceeded that of
uh China since March. So that uh really
is an escape valve uh to allow uh a
continued flow of cheap goods into the
US. So I think if uh the US were to uh
land on the the reciprocal tariffs that
were threatened in the ladders that
escape valve uh will close and um US uh
uh inflation might run out of control.
So I don't think that is a credible
threat.
Erica thanks very much for your time
this morning. That was Erica Tay there
economist at May Bank investment
management investment banking group
rather and taking a look at what's
happening with copper this morning. We
have seen a really big spike in the US
copper contract overnight. Uh we're
seeing in the session this morning that
copper is actually a little bit under
pressure. But the big concern here of
course is if President Trump proceeds
with duties on copper imports into the
US of 50% it means less copper for the
US market more elsewhere. And you are
seeing some of these major copper
manufacturers this morning or suppliers
refiners under pressure so far in the
session. So that's the state of play
there as we get just under 15 minutes
into the session for China and Hong Kong
today. We'll have plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, as we talked about, it was a
six gong ceremony today. If you missed
the bang, you can go back on TV go and
you can watch it, right? It was loud,
but there you go. And there you go. You
see these debuts here today. You're
seeing a pretty decent one when it comes
to lens and 48 technology as well.
Lensech, of course, is the Apple
supplier. Uh, but yes, it just goes to
show, right? You know, every day is is a
almost like a listing debut that we have
to talk about and it really kind of
keeps the likes of Manuel Belgorei very
very busy. He leads our Asia Pacific
deals coverage. He's with us right now.
You know, it seems like things are this
momentum keeps going. Now how
sustainable is it?
Uh it feels sustainable for the time
being. Let's see. I mean people are very
uh optimistic that you know this boom in
deal making especially in equity capital
markets transactions. Uh we've seen a
lot of second listings some IPOs as well
lots of block trades convertible bonds
exchangeable bonds. There's a ton of
activity in equity capital markets and
he feels that it's going to continue uh
for a while. Uh yeah, definitely a big
poon for Hong Kong.
Shien is one that we have heard reports
on and and a lot of question marks over
this one though because is is the the
the reporting that we got from other
outlets, but that they're looking at
listing here or the file confidentially.
Is that also to put pressure on London
and would London the London exchange
still be the preferred the preferred
exchange for them to list? Do you think?
Yeah, that's a very good question,
Annabelle. It remains to be seen.
There's a lot of dynamics uh behind the
scenes on this one. We've been tracking
it down for years. First in US, then um
it was put on hold, then all of a sudden
it was London,
then it seemed to to be held up in
London, now is Hong Kong perhaps, maybe
do a listing. There's been a lot of
reports out there. Uh we're trying to be
kind of like careful in how we assess
this one because there is a lot of
moving parts. Uh Hong Kong offers now
obviously a big venue as well given the
momentum as Ivonne was pointing out in
in Hong Kong. Uh but obviously the
company was eyeing uh London in that
kind of aim to be a bit of a more global
uh company and also tap other investors
uh in the western world uh remains to be
seen. A lot of moving parts uh
definitely uh there is work being done
towards Hong Kong. uh now whether or not
it will be purely Hong Kong, it will be
a deal listing or whether you know uh
this will happen now or it will take
some time still remains to be seen but
definitely uh the momentum is so big
here that everybody is kind of dusting
off the books and think should we uh
pursue Hong Kong. I think it makes sense
uh given where the hen is.
You certainly saw that with FWD this
week as well. Another thing you're
tracking very closely is this whole
Starbucks China business and what
they're doing with that side of the
unit. I mean they've said they're not
considering a full sale of that
business, but what are you hearing in
terms of what could be happening there?
Yeah, this is a fascinating trend that
we are seeing in in deals as well. So
ECM related transactions keeping us
super busy. Uh but then there is also
M&A and I think Starbucks uh and broadly
speaking the multinationals rethinking
their approach to China uh is a
fascinating trend. We've seen the likes
of Starbucks. We've reported on other
companies as well uh including the
catalon for instance or also uh general
mills looking into what to do with the
hagen dash the ice cream stores in
mainland China and there's been many
others right over the years. Uh
basically the idea is okay how do we
keep growing in this very competitive
market. Uh they are seeing they're faced
by a lot of competition locally. Uh they
still want to stay in China somewhat
because obviously it's the the world's
second largest economy. Uh they can't
just ignore it all together. But at the
same time it's very challenging to
remain profitable and grow. So they are
looking for partners potentially local
or international to help him grow and
take the company to the next level. Um I
think all the options are on the table
whether it's a minority stick sale a
majority stick sale the company hasn't
uh fully made up its mind yet I think it
will come down to how strong the
processes the different proposals
evaluation and uh then we'll see in the
coming months whether that translates
into a minority or or majority stick.
All right. M&A ECM, you've got us
covered on both fronts then Emanuel.
Thanks so much your time. That was
Manuel Bori there who leads our AP pack
deals coverage. And as we said, it's
been a really busy day for IPOs in Hong
Kong. Tomorrow, we're actually going to
be speaking with one of those that just
listed this morning. This is Geek Plus.
They raised 2.7 billion Hong Kong
dollars in their IPO. We'll talk to them
about that trading debut this morning.
They're actually a little bit under
pressure. Again, it has been sort of a
mixed start for these companies, but
that interview happening at 10:30 a.m.
Hong Kong time. It's right up your
alley, right? Distributes intelligent
robotic products. Belle,
this is up my alley.
We bring out the geek and Belle on the
show. All right. Too hot, I guess. Lit
Bang joining us there tomorrow. Uh, in
the meantime, we're seeing to see what's
happening in Southeast Asia. Right. So,
US Secretary of State Marco Rubio is
heading to Malaysia for an Azan summit
with China's foreign minister Wang Yi
also set to attend. Now it comes as
President Trump threatens new tariff
rates on several countries in Asia
unless those deals are done by August
1st. Let's get to our correspondent
Mimman Low joining us from KL. So Mman,
tell us what's what's in store here
today. Obviously a lot of questions
about Marco Rubio stepping down in
Malaysia.
Yes, Marco Rubio the highest ranking US
official to come to Southeast Asia. It
is his first trip to this region in his
capacity as Secretary of State. So of
course there will be a lot of talk about
tariffs even though the state department
is not in charge of leading tariff
negotiations but no doubt he's going to
be peppered with questions. Perhaps his
aan counterparts will be venting his
frustration their frustration over those
tariffs because a lot of these Southeast
Asian nations are still keen to continue
negotiations now that President Trump
had moved down the deadline for
imposition of new levies to August 1st.
Remember Southeast Asia is particularly
bad hit by those tariffs. We're talking
about 40% tariffs on countries like Laos
and Myanmar, over 30% for Indonesia,
Thailand, Cambodia, 25% for Malaysia.
The State Department has said their main
message here is all about uh committing
to a free and open and secure
Indoacific. After all, this is a foreign
minister's meeting. Usually the topics
at hand will be about geo geopolitics
and security. But of course, this is
also a chance for Marco Rubio to
reaffirm uh and reassure the Asian
partners here that the US is not about
to retreat economically and
diplomatically from this part of the
world as well.
That was our China correspondent there,
Mim Lo. We will have plenty more ahead.
We're back with Mim of course at that
summit underway over in Koala Lumpa. But
we'll have more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some other China stories that we're
tracking for you today. Boeing says it
delivered 60 aircraft in June, its best
showing in 18 months, reflecting factory
improvements and resumption of exports
to China. The surge puts Boeing back on
even footing with rival Airbus, which
delivered 63 jets last month. Boeing
have been hit by a series of crises, but
momentum has shifted with Airbus now
struggling to hit its production
targets. The Trump administration is
tightening its grip on foreign ownership
of farmland amid continuing concerns
over Chinese investment in America's
heartland. The agricultural department
says it will work with state lawmakers
to end farmland purchases by nationals
from countries of concern of what it
calls other foreign adversaries. It's
estimated China's investors hold less
than 1% of foreignowned farmland in the
US.
Taking a look at markets this morning
and of course it's that big focus on the
two sectors that are really in the
crosshairs. There's pharmaceuticals and
also copper. But starting with
pharmaceuticals, this is a really
interesting one because President Trump
of course is announcing these or
threatening these 200% tariff on
pharmaceuticals. But there is quite a
large window here. So he's essentially
looking for companies to to onshore or
reshore their production of certain
certain drugs in the US sometime in the
next year, year and a half. Of course,
it could take longer than that, but it
is quite a a a window here. And then
after that point, these tariffs would
take effect, but regardless, you are
seeing these stocks under pressure
today. Uh taking a look as well at
what's happening in the EV space.
Yeah, so we had some really good car
sale numbers in June. It's typically a
slow period, but we actually saw here a
record month uh on that subsidy boost as
we've been talking about as well, but
it's a mixed picture across some of
these EVs, mostly lower in Hong Kong
here today with the likes of BYD down 1
and a.5%. Uh so certainly we'll watch
that space very closely. Uh and we're
watching China and what the rest of
these markets are doing here today.
Equities haven't been doing too much on
shore. Hong Kong slightly on offer here.
Uh but actually we're seeing that now
down about 1% in Hong Kong.
[Music]
All right, live pictures out of
Wellington here this morning. We are
just moments away from that RBNZ
decision. And yeah, I mean they're
largely expected to hold, but you know,
the RBA really kind of caught us all off
guard last yesterday, right? So, who
knows what the antipodian economies are
thinking here right now. But yes, they
have actually been continue to cut. So,
maybe there is a bit of a pause here
today, but certainly given the tariff
threats and the like, I think a lot of
central bankers maybe are starting to
rethink just what to do right in the
midst of this sort of trade uncertainty.
Yeah, exactly. And I think it's it's
obviously a very difficult moment for
for central bankers around the world.
But the RBNZ today, I mean our Bloomberg
economics team, for instance, James
McIntyre is saying this is a moment when
the economy actually needs a rate cut
even if he's also conceding. It is a
toss up. But what have we got on that
decision?
Uh you know what it's a hold. Uh there
you go. So we did see the set as
expected. I think 19 out of 23
economists surveyed by Blumber expected
this hold as well. Um, you know, I think
only the swaps were were priced in maybe
a slight chance, 13% chance of a rate
cut. So, there you go. As expected, they
did hold rates. So, there you go. They
didn't really do what the RBA Well, they
did do. I did that. They both held. Uh,
but certainly uh this we'll see what
this does for the Kiwi. Obviously, we're
seeing a little bit not much movement
though, but actually reversing some of
the initial uh losses there. But yes,
when you have the Fed likely to remain
on hold this month, you have the RBA
surprise hold. you take a look at how
rate differentials and how that's
looking is that going to continue to
move against the QE is a key question
there.
Yeah, and I think though as you said
it's it's sort of that that question
really around inflation as well and I
think it's that trading dynamic and the
trade wars that are really yet to still
play out. You see that for instance in
copper I mean President Trump overnight
threatening a 50% increase or 50% duties
rather on copper imports into the US.
This is something that has wide
ramifications given how heavily copper
is used across a range of different
industries. So taking a look at the
copper moves of course we saw most of
the movement uh in the in the US listing
uh that is the COMX listing where we saw
a huge spike this morning though it's a
little bit under pressure so far but
still up 12% over two days and we have
also seen a reaction in copper stocks.
Uh we've seen most of these particularly
in Hong Kong and mainland China under
pressure so far this morning. The
concern of course is if you have less
copper going into the US, it's a less
viable market as well. And you do see
that pressure react being reflected so
far in the session today.
All right. Uh let's take a look at what
what's been going on as well. We're
getting some more uh commentary here
when it comes to the RBNZ decision. So
uh when it comes to inflation, so
they're saying inflation will likely
rise to top to the 1 to 3% target in mid
2025. So they're expecting maybe there's
that there's inflationary pressures to
build. Expect to cut rates further if
inflation eases. A high export prices,
lower rates supporting uh the economy
here and global uncertainty and tariffs
to reduce world growth. So there you go.
It is leaning slightly doubbish though.
You take a look at that. They expect to
cut rates further if inflation pressures
ease. Let's bring in Mary Nickel, our M
live market strategist. She joins us now
from Singapore. Um, overall it seems
like they reached consensus on on this
rate decision from RBNZ, but you're
starting to see more of the tariff
threats and and how it's changing the
thinking among central banks as well. Do
you see this as more of a pause in this
easing cycle or an end to it?
Yeah, I think it seems to be more of a
pause and that's what they're
suggesting. So they're looking at what
if inflation comes up and some of the
inflationary pressures is coming
through, but at the end of the day, as
Bloomberg economics pointed out, is that
the economy is um sluggish and needs
more u more easing. So and and and the
RBNZ has left that door quite open. And
of course, we saw yesterday the sharp
contrast that the RBA was leaning
towards, and it was more of a cautious
approach. RBNZ here is just trying to
say that inflation's likely to rise. we
just need to weigh out some of the
concerns, but we're still leaning more
towards easing in to to help with the
with the economic recovery. So, I think
if you play on the contrast between the
two, we you could see that the RBNZ is
leaning more dovish than what we saw
yesterday from the RBA.
It seems like I mean we've seen Asian
shares sort of fluctuating a lot this
week just based on on the sort of
conviction that President Trump has in
his tariff policies and exactly what is
being threatened on who as well. But
what do we see for for the direction of
trading over the next couple of weeks?
Yeah, it just seems a lot is depending
on tariff headlines and headline risk is
really coming back as a a major driving
force. What I think is so far seems with
the way the market is reacting is that
the that they're happy with the
flexibility that the Trump
administration is offering in terms of
that negotiations are still ongoing and
that door hasn't closed. I think if you
saw that the door was closed in that
direction, there would be a much sharper
riskoff reaction than what we've seen
and and of course we've seen that
markets have remained especially in Asia
relatively stable. Um and there's been
some sort of creeps of optimism because
of that fact. And I I think in in
general the there is still a lot of
risks ahead with headlines. You already
we had the copper um headline coming
through of tariffs of 50%. So of course
traders are thinking what's next and
you've got to be ready for what's next.
So of course it's important for and it's
going to be quite important for traders
to remain nimble.
Yeah. I'm looking at bonds though,
right? this global bond selloff. We saw
it in in the JGB market and the 30-year
yield spiked yesterday. Treasuries are
falling for 5 days or or so now. It
seems like this bond selloff is is
picking up again. How tricky is it
around the long end of the of the curve
now?
Yeah, there's so much pressure building
around the long end of the curve. You've
got you're not sure about where
inflation is heading. You've also got
fiscal profagacy in more than one place,
right? whether you're talking about
Japan, US, um the UK, there's all these
um spending spending uh the market is so
focused on how much fiscal spending is
coming through. So there's just this
perfect storm that's almost brewing for
a long and and market for long bonds and
I think that's likely to persist because
of course we have these fiscal tensions.
They're not going away anytime soon. you
still don't know what the impact of
inflation is. And so I think the the end
up what you end up is with this
increased pressure on the long end and
that's likely to to persist for some
time.
That was our M live market strategist
Mary Nicola there and taking you to some
live pictures now from Koala Lumpa. We
do have the opening ceremony of the 58th
Azan foreign ministers meeting just
kicking off this morning. Uh this is
this is going to be attended by a number
of different foreign ministers, also the
secretary of state from the US, Marco
Rubio, and certainly uh taking place
under the cloud of of these tariff
threats from President Trump as well. A
lot of countries trying to negotiate
their own deals uh with the US.
Yeah, it's his first trip to the region
as of course uh the Secretary of State
and maybe a chance to talk about, you
know, what these tariffs mean for this
part of the world. As you you remember,
he he's quite hawkish when it comes to
his views on China as well. Well, so
there you go. We'll see what these, you
know, all these nations, Aussie nations
are probably going to be trying to set
up a meeting or at least grab the
Secretary of State while he is there as
well. In the meantime, this on the back
of President Trump vowing to push
forward with his tariff regime. He's
stressing he will not offer additional
extensions on country specific levies
set to hit in early August. Our chief
Asia correspondent Steve Engel is with
us here right now. So, a bit of a
backdrop from what we heard yesterday.
Sure. And Mary Nicola put it rightfully
how the markets looked at it yesterday.
I mean and and today basically the the
volatility of headlines surfing. I'm
paraphrasing what she said. Everyone's
looking at the different headlines.
Yesterday's headlines uh were more
about, hey, we're not 100% firm on these
reciprocal tariffs. There is some room.
If you come to us with a good deal, we
will enter into negotiation. So he kind
of pushed back on the theory that August
1st would be the new hard and fast
deadline. Well, you know, the market
reacted very, I guess, mutedly. Is that
a word? Mutedly.
Mutedly.
No, that's not a word. Muted. Thank you.
Um, so today, Donald Trump came out and
essentially said hard and fast. August
1st, there will be no more extensions.
And he went a step or two further as
well. And he's basically zeroed in on
those uh sectoral tariffs. uh in
particular as we've been talking all
morning about the copper uh possibility
of a 50% rate for copper coming in and
we we've talked about the inflationary
aspects of that uh into the United
States the range of products from
electronics to home building to
automobiles you name it data centers uh
so that's something obviously to watch
uh the other one obviously is the
pharmaceuticals saying that it could be
a tariff of upwards of 200% if foreign
drug makers do not come and make their
pharmaceutical products in the United
States within a year, year and a half.
So that's that's the latest
developments. He's a little bit more
definitive on the whole tariff issue
today as opposed to yesterday. And
that's on the sectoral issue. We haven't
talked about the reciprocal tariffs yet.
And and where he's sort of also
seemingly hardened his stance is on
India as well. And and of course it it
being one of the letters in bricks.
Well, let's talk let's talk India, EU,
and China. This is the China show. I do
want to mention about China because
there was some positive news on the
China front. Uh India, you know, just
hours after saying essentially a deal
was close with India, uh Trump said he
is still uh possibly considering a 10%
baseline tariff on India essentially
because of its ties to bricks. It is one
of the economous members of the bricks
and brrics was quite critical of US
policy over the last weekend as they met
in Brazil. So he says anybody who adopts
the policies basically adhered to by the
BRICS nations as it relates to the
United States negatively they will get
that 10% tariff. So again one step
forward one step or two steps back for
India and the confidence they might have
had that they're going to have a deal
anytime soon. Same with Europe. Europe
and India did not the EU and Europe did
and India did not get those letters
yesterday. Uh so there was speculation
that there was some progress on the EU
front. But now there's a lot of chatter
about the Washington's uh you know
opposition to those EU taxes and fines
targeting US tech firms. Donald Trump
says he'll within the next couple of
days possibly declare a unilateral new
tariff rate against the EU because of
that. And finally on to China. It's the
China show. I have to mention this.
Lutnik Bessant and Trump all talking
positively about China. Donald Trump
says we've had really good relationship
with China lately. We're getting along
with them really well. and he says he
speaks with Xiinping often.
We don't have readouts of those. Uh
Scott Besson expects to meet with
Hulong, his counterpart on the trade
front in the next few weeks. Howard
Lutnik, the commerce secretary, saying
we're going to kickstart a bigger trade
conversation in August. And uh swiftly
they're going to uh China is swiftly, he
says, approving rare earth exports.
Really makes me think of good cop, bad
cop. That can sometimes be played by the
same person, that role, it seems. So
that was our chief North Asia
correspondent Steven Angel there and
taking a look at the market reaction to
this this morning because of course
we've been monitoring what's happening
in the copper contract uh not just the
the ComX listing also the London
Merkantile Exchange one coming online
this morning and it's been a little bit
of a divergent reaction but broadly you
do have those copper names those those
companies under pressure so far in the
session today of course it's that big
question of of of how much demand are
you going to see in in in copper in the
US if you do have these extra 50% duties
being applied Uh the other sector we're
focusing on very closely is is the
farmer one of course because you're
threatening or Trump is threatening up
to 200% levies on this. But you're
watching a or you've got a call from
A&Z.
Yeah, this just came in my inbox from
A&Z research this morning and their team
basically saying within Asia if you take
a look at who's most impacted by 200% of
pharma, it's India, it's Singapore the
most vulnerable to those tariff hikes as
well. So we'll check of course how this
all plays out. But yeah, you are seeing
a mixed picture though um there with
some of these farmer stocks today. Uh
let's get now and cross over to Hanoi
where the tech comeback investment
summit is underway and our very own
insight anchor Hinda Almond is there and
joins us now has what's on the agenda.
Well von the focus here is really a new
Vietnam how it can create value and of
course this is coming on the back of
those 20% tariffs imposed by the US on
Vietnam. Needless to say, just one of
the few uh trade deals that have been
struck between uh the US and its trading
partners. Now, this coming at a time
when Vietnam wants to achieve 8% growth
for the year and of course those tariffs
are a setback. Remember, Vietnam is the
fastest growing economy in Southeast
Asia. Now, that dream of 8% is under
scrutiny and in question. The reason is
this. The reason for the tariffs right
now are the surplus. $120 billion of
surplus. And the reason for that
specifically is the fact that Vietnam
has become a factory of the world and
factory for US companies, the likes of
Lulu Lamin as well as Nike. They've been
producing products and exporting them to
the US and hence a big question mark on
why they're paying the price for what is
in fact Vietnam being a factory for US
companies. So we're taking this
conversation, the questions to a lot of
the companies here. We're also speaking
to Zillic Pharmaceutical uh on the back
of Trump talking about 200% tariffs on
pharmaceutical companies. Keep it here
with us. This is the back.
[Music]
Let's recap that uh inflation print that
we just got out of China just a few
minutes ago. So the surprise was a
surprise to the upside when it comes to
CPI prices, right? 0.1%
uh and the expected expectation was for
a fifth straight month of deflation. PPI
prices meanwhile was in line but
actually was worse than expected
actually uh about a 33rd straight month
of factory price deflation. And
interesting enough be saying don't be
fooled by that positive print on CPI. no
sign they say that deflation pressures
are lifting uh really against the
backdrop what they're seeing right that
unexpected swim doesn't look as good as
it looks right second month in a row
they actually saw the CPI fall month on
month and deflation at the factory gates
is actually intensifying I think it's
also you've got to make that distinction
between demand side inflation and supply
side inflation and we had that immediate
reaction talking about how actually that
uptick that we saw in the CPI could have
been more driven by those higher import
costs and that spike in oil prices in
particular, but if you see that sort of
start to decelerate, really the trend
for CPI still looks fairly weak.
And you you ask add to you know the
deflation pressures that you're seeing
in this economy is really being weighing
down on many sectors as well. You take a
look at what's going on in the
industrial sector. You take a look
what's going on EVs, food delivery for
example. I mean certainly there's a lot
of price wars that are going on and you
have seen regulators now trying to crack
down on these very very intense price
wars. So Chinese financial economic
leaders have recently called for
building a unified national market by
curbing chaotic price competition and
really ramping up the reduction of
excess capacity. JP Morgan has a very
interesting and timely note saying while
that may not be helpful for GDP growth
if the pledge is executed right it can
actually lift the equities market and
trade. Let's bring in Wendy Lou JP
Morgan chief China equities str on that
on that report. So may not be growth or
job positive but maybe equity positive.
Tell us why. I I think it's about the
more it's being produced uh the more
deflationary the price gets. Um so the
focus is about not about working more uh
but how to make the existing asset
yielding a higher return. So it's equity
friendly and on the margin if executed
right it could be helpful to the global
trade in terms of easing tensions coming
from China's over capacity output
spilling into the global markets. Uh but
shortterm it's not GDP friendly or
employment friendly. So it's a balancing
act.
I mean involution is is sort of the word
of the day but it's certainly not a word
we we're unfamiliar with either.
involution has been an issue in China's
economy for a while now. But how do you
curb that given it's also something
that's happening within the private
sector as well,
right? Um I think it is first uh an
understanding
um that there is a different path um
that asset returns come from a balanced
output and then balanced ASP and then
there is a potential for margin
increases. And I think if we look at the
AP pack markets, current consensus
estimate indicate that um net margin is
the lowest on MSCI China. Um so so I
think it's at the minimum awareness that
this could be changed and for the
better. Um, and I think there are early
signs that things are changing because
the PBLOC put in a put on the Asia
market on September 24th and they put in
a a put for the Hong Kong market via
safe investment on January 13th. So I
think there's a understanding that
improving the asset prices could be
quite critical uh in helping to
stabilize the ecosystem right now and
then try to drive better quality growth.
Uh so so I think this probably indicates
a broader understanding uh but it's
still developing at this point in time.
How do you compare what could happen to
what we saw in supply side reforms in
the past? You've been looking more on
2014 and really what what impact it has
on on EPAs for example and it takes some
time as you say
right it was it took 45 months to play
out in supply side 1.0
Um I would say to have this policy
announced at the central commission for
economic financial affairs is
significant because financial
institutions have a stake in it. Uh it
probably means at some point the MPL
cycle is going to go up and now going
back to one do financial institutions
were also quite important in getting the
combinations done. Yeah. Um and just in
terms of how stock traded, the first 12
months was rerating. There was no EPS
upside. Yeah. And very large increases
in share prices and steel and coal, you
know, still went up more than two times.
So it was a very good trading leg.
And then people were disappointed
because the earnings got revised down
and the multiple probably run ahead of
things. And so there was an eight months
decline. Both sectors got halfed. And
then it came the phase three where
numbers got revised up and EPS got
normalized and you know 80% increase in
coal and more than a double um in steel.
So I think we're at the very beginning
of the stage. Yeah.
You made the point that it's not good
for GDP but it's also not great perhaps
for the employment picture either if you
do really try and crack down on over
capacity. If China can get it right,
what's the upside then for for the stock
market?
Um, good question. So, I think this
might be phased over time, right? And I
think the key policy uh sort of a goal
um under this administration has been
stability. So, they'll be done a little
bit at a time, but then we kind of know
that if this gets executed in a
three-year view, it will be quite
different,
right? Um so I've got a uh cycle
framework for China equity analysis and
on the domestic side there are five
cycles uh EPS cycle, business cycle,
policy cycle and then a property cycle.
So all four has been moving along in the
right direction. The missing piece has
been the MPL cycle which involves
capacity exit and once capacity exit
happens then new investment can come in
at a lower uh price point. Um and I
think among my investors, China has been
an alpha market or a market that they
don't want to be significantly
underweight if there's a poor uh
performance. But if you do have capacity
exit and some of the cleaning up of the
MPLs and it becomes a beta market, the
nar macro narrative will change. So I do
think there is the potential in the
second half sometime for a breakout. So
right now uh we're anticipating a
rangebound market 70 to 80 on MSCI China
because there's a whole host of things
to go go through you know on the trade
front uh tariff impact on second quarter
earnings and maybe the July you know
stimulus isn't as great as anticipated
um and summer tends to be difficult in
terms of seasonality I do think there's
a case for a breakout
and we have analysis on this comparing
MSCI China and topics
if I'm looking at anti-evolution,
looking at other se I mean what what are
sort of the key beneficiaries of this
theme and and other sectors are you
focusing on now Wendy?
Um there are a couple sectors where the
uh net income margin has been very weak.
Yeah.
Um and then the multiples on a price to
book basis are trading at more than.7
standard deviation below the mean. Okay.
Um so there that's where we see the
opportunity. So steel, solar, battery,
chemical, cement. Okay. Um and I think
the market will probably track the
events that are happening, voluntary
output cuts and etc. and take one step
at a time.
Wendy, thanks very much for joining us.
That was Wendy Lou there, chief China
equity strategist at JP Morgan out with
a note this morning in the key takeaways
that the crackdown from China on over
capacity could end up being a big boost
to stocks, but we'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Taking a look at uh the market reaction
this morning to to some strong results
from from Sasar. Actually, this is the
the cosmetics and and beauty retail
essentially in Hong Kong. but they've
actually had an increase in their first
quarter same source sales of more than
11% and so you are seeing that strength
being reflected so far in the session
today. All right, and we're watching
these listings here in Hong Kong. Uh
Lens Techch, Geek Plus, Forier and Shun
Jong mixed picture so far, but Lens has
come off some of the initial highs, but
48 Tech still doing quite well. We're up
some 8%. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading into that lunch break in
just a moment. And you are seeing when
it comes to nicay just flat right now.
We're watching very closely what this
bond space is doing like after we saw
the 30-year JGB yield surge yesterday.
So there's a lot of talk about trade
deals and what this looks like here
ahead of that upper election in in Tokyo
and in Japan I should say. So certainly
that's what's leading to some angst in
the long rates globally too as well as
we take a look at what's going on in the
US uh Australia as well here today as
well. But there you go. Topics is doing
a little bit better. But there you go.
yields are heading a little bit flat if
not stable more in the Asia session at
least now. Um but yes, we talk about
those domestic storms looming in in
multiple sort of markets like Japan,
like the US as well. Bill,
yeah, well certainly a moment perhaps
where Japan's not wanting to to to make
any major concessions or at least look
like they're making any major
concessions to Washington. But as we
said, trade is is very much the key
theme that we're watching across the
board today in Asia. And we have seen
stocks just looking a little bit under
pressure so far in the session. US
futures fairly flat. So is the do the
the dollar gauge rather. Uh where we are
seeing a lot of movement has been in the
energy space so far and the metal space
in particular. Actually I should note
given we've got these this threat of
extra levies being imposed on copper 50%
but the pharmaceutical sector also
another one to track given President
Trump is threatening 200% levies as
well. But you are just seeing a kind of
a mixed picture so far in the session
today.
Yep. Let's get to now the pictures out
of Kola Lumpur. Right. The Azion foreign
ministers meeting is underway there in
KL. Oh yeah, there's a show going on.
Live pics there from the opening
ceremony. And of course the the key sort
of topic everyone's been talking about
is US Secretary of State Marco Rubio and
China's Foreign Minister Wangi also set
to attend. And Rubio's trip really comes
as President Trump threatens new tariff
rates on several countries in Asia
unless deals are done by August 1. Let's
get to our correspondent Mimman Lo. She
is at the event for us. M what's
happening?
Yeah, as you can see see the the opening
ceremony underway. Anoir brahim the
prime minister of Malaysia is here. We
have Chinese foreign minister Wangi and
the US Secretary of State Marco Rubio
set to attend as well tomorrow. Tomorrow
is a big day where there are a lot of
dialogue sessions with key partners
including the envoys from South Korea,
Japan, Russia, China, the US and of
course this is taking place under the
shadow of those ter tariff threats from
Trump. He has sent out the first batch
of those letters many of them targeting
Asian countries in Southeast Asia
particularly badly hit. Think about the
40% tariffs that Laos and Myanmar face
over 30% for Indonesia, Thailand,
Cambodia, 25% for Malaysia. And while
Marco Rubio is not in charge of trade
negotiations, it is his first trip to
Southeast Asia in his capacity as
Secretary of State. He is the top
highest ranking official so far to have
visit the visited this part of the
world. So he'll most likely be uh
getting a lot of questions about tariffs
and to defend white h the white houses's
position when it comes to the need to
rebalance trade in this region. Of
course, the Chinese foreign minister
Wangi is here likely to keep an eye on
on talks and ensure that ch Asian
nations don't uh make deals with the US
that undercuts Chinese interest and a
lot of these Azan countries are really
struggling to position themselves
between US and China because of course
China is a huge stakeholder given that
Azan's trade with China stands at um
about 980 billion US dollars which is
still more than twice as much as the
volume of trade between US and Azan.
Yeah, Mimman, I'm just looking at this
ceremony underway and it makes me think
this is probably maybe going to be the
most positive part of this of this
meeting uh given just how many
challenges these these AAN nations are
facing. You mentioned there about that
sort of pressure that we see on
countries now being exerted very
verbally it seems by the US with their
focus on bricks but also perhaps there's
that question mark over China to
essentially pick a side which of course
governments aren't going to want to do.
What can we expect in terms of progress
on on on negotiations around certain
deals? I'm thinking about Lao Cambodia
uh following Vietnam.
Yes. Malaysia in particular as the host
country has been calling on Azan to come
together to form a united united front
so that they can at least leverage the
collective strength of the entire block.
Talk about 700 uh million people as well
as a a 3.8 trillion dollar economy. But
so far that unity is being tested by
President Trump setting individual
levels of tariffs from different
countries and already Vietnam agreed to
that tier tariff system. Some other
countries uh like like Lao Vietnam have
really high levels. What are they going
what are they going to offer in exchange
for lower tariffs and they're really in
a hard place because many of these
Southeast Asian nations are export
oriented countries. They do a lot of
trade. Trans shipment is a part of that
because it's really hard to enforce
given that a lot of products now is made
up of parts from many different
countries. So that's going to be in
focus. Plus, not to mention President
Trump's latest threat for that 10%
penalty tariff on any country that
aligns themselves with the BRICS
nations. And remember, Indonesia just
became a BRICS country earlier this
year. Malaysia and Thailand are both
partner nations of BRICS as well. Will
they be getting those additional 10%
tariffs? That's also something to get
clarity from the United States on as
well.
That's our correspondent there, Mim Lo,
reporting from the Azan meeting taking
place in Koala Lumpa this morning. But
other headlines that we're tracking
today, well, Brazilian President Lula
Dilva is aiming to deepen trade ties
with fellow BRICS member India during a
state visit to Brazilia with Indian
Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Lula said
he wants to triple trade flows with the
South Asian nation from $12 billion last
year. Brazil has been pushing to
diversify its trade partners as US
tariffs upend global commerce. The Trump
administration is tightening its grip on
foreign ownership of farmland amid
continuing concerns over Chinese
investment in America's heartland. The
Agriculture Department says it will work
with state lawmakers to end farmland
purchases by nationals from countries of
concern or what it calls other foreign
adversaries. It's estimated Chinese
investors hold less than 1% of
foreignowned farmland in the US.
China has added eight Taiwanese military
equipment makers to an export control
list, accusing them of cooperation with
what Beijing called separatist forces.
The companies include Aerospace
Industrial Development and CSBC. It
comes with Taiwan preparing for 10 days
of annual military drills with a record
20,000 reser called up. Local
governments will also test their ability
to maintain essential services and
distribute supplies in a crisis. All
right, to our big take here right now. A
big story that you know Bloomberg has
really been investigating and learning
that Chinese firms aim to install more
than 115,000
Nvidia AI chips in data centers across
the country's western deserts. Now for
more, let's bring in our senior global
business reporter and host of the Big
Take Asia podcast, Juan Ha. Juan, you've
been talking about this construction
boom that's happening uh near the Gobi
Desert in Shing Jang. What's going on
there and why are there such big
projects happening? Yeah, it really is
quite extraordinary, isn't it? Our
Bloomberg investigation uncovered these
public documents. We've seen, you know,
investment approvals. We've seen
financial filings, company filings that
show these Chinese companies want to
build some 40 data centers across the
Chinese desert. Um, and they, of course,
surprisingly want to power up these data
data centers with 115,000 Nvidia chips.
The big problem of that with that is
that, of course, these chips can't be
legally purchased without US government
approvals. and the US have of course
said that they don't plan don't want to
export these ships into China. It's a
huge source of contention for the two
for the two countries and we've seen
that play out in talks. So how they plan
to get these ships these plans aren't
spelled out. It could be just purely
aspirational. But what we can see from
these plans is that of course China has
big ambitions and very specific plans to
become an AI leader. Yeah, it's
interesting when you stack that up
against that Bloomberg scoop we had
around the concerns from the US of
potential trade flows around Malaysia
and Thailand in particular for chips.
But let's talk about the location. As we
mentioned, it's in the Gobi Desert. It's
it's very far away from the major major
cities like Shanghai, Hoou, Shenzhen.
What's the purpose of putting them there
in particular?
You're right. It's super remote. I mean,
our reporters had to had to jump on a
plane and drive hours and hours to get
there. Essentially, China is building
out this physical infrastructure, right?
You need these physical data centers
because they're so critical to
developing AI models and testing these
models out. Why the desert? These of
course because our reporters had to get
to these remote places. We know that
land there is cheap and that of course
is a huge costsaving when you're trying
to build out such big infrastructure
projects. The most important piece
actually is that Shinjang and this
desert area is rich for for green
energy. Our reporter saw a lot of wind
and solar farms out there. And so that
really goes handinhand with Beijing's
push for sustainable for sustainable
development to really, you know, cut
down the carbon footprint of these
otherwise energy hungry operations. Um,
so really it's a strategic decision to
put these data centers out in the desert
to really help these homegrown
companies.
All right, Juan, that was uh it's great
reporting. That was Kha there joining
us. And you can of course get more on
the big take. It's on the terminal if
you're a subscriber or online at
bloomberg.com. Really worth checking
out. And uh before we go to break here,
just taking a quick check of the CSI 300
because it is rising actually this
morning just fractionally, but still on
track for its highest point of 2025. So
that is the picture there. Got more
ahead and this is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Let's uh let's head back
let's head back to our coverage of the
Techcom Bank Investment Summit in Hanoi
where hundreds of global investors and
policy makers have gathered to discuss
the potential of Vietnamese markets. Uh
Bloomberg Insight anchor Hass Linda Amin
is there with our next guest and has it
is perfect timing uh given you've got
the the the trade deal or or the
inklings of a deal with the US and
Vietnam but also just that pressure and
that that question marks over the
pharmaceutical industry this morning.
That's right. The 200% tariffs that
Trump is considering imposing on the
pharmaceutical um um industry. And
Belle, you know, we also have headlines
coming out of Vietnam this morning
talking about how they're expecting
growth to get to 10% in 2026 to 2030.
That is ambitious as it stands. You
know, it wants to grow at 8% this year
with those tariffs, 20% tariffs that the
US is imposing on uh on Vietnam. That's
already a big question mark. Anyways,
let's delve deeper into pharma into
Vietnam into its growth story.
Exclusively joining us now, John Graham,
CEO at Zelic Pharma. Good to have you
with us. I'm just wondering what's
what's your first reaction that 200%
tariffs and pharmaceutical. That's
that's crippling.
Well, actually, it's the last thing you
want to hear 2 minutes before you have
an interview, right? But it was it's a
huge surprise. Uh obviously 200% is I
think completely unexpected and came out
of nowhere. And we've gone from waving
tariffs on pharmaceuticals to now 200%.
But I think the devil's going to be in
the detail. uh what is the 200% going to
be applied to? Is it going to be
finished product or is it going to be
component parts of pharmaceutical
products? And we we'll have to see.
200% tariffs on drugs going into the US.
Which countries in particular will be
most hit by it? Some say India. I
I think uh a lot of the generic products
that are being imported into the United
States are coming from India, some from
China, some from other markets uh in in
in Europe. Uh some of the more
innovative products are also
manufactured in Europe. There are large
manufacturing sites in Belgium, in the
Netherlands, in Switzerland and in
Germany. Um we have to wait and see what
impact and Ireland of course as well.
What impact those have?
The impact will be in the supply chain
right postco we saw that happen already.
How might this further tweak and change
the supply chains? Yeah, I think it's
important to understand that most
pharmaceutical companies since the
pandemic and even before have a strategy
of understanding how to make their
supply chains resilient. So they always
look at dual sourcing the ingredients or
now multisourcing the ingredients, the
packaging, all the different components
that make up the final product. Uh so I
think that we'll have to wait and see
how these different components are going
to be affected by the import tariffs. Um
but I think there will obviously be uh
an impact on cost and most farmer
companies now will be scrambling to
understand what impact these tariffs
will have on their supply chain
and will there be additional costs given
that companies are looking at onshoring
nearshoring and perhaps an acceleration
of those trends within the industry.
I think definitely an acceleration of
these trends. Uh I think that most
companies have already thought about
putting manufacturing plants closer to
where their customers are. Um but in
terms of innovative products that are
coming out of the large farmer companies
these are today more biological products
in some cases they have dedicated plants
and most companies now will be looking
at locating at least one plant in the US
one plant in uh in Europe and perhaps
even another manufacturing plant
elsewhere in the world so that they can
cross uh crossregister products and uh
and crossimp import products. For those
not quite familiar with Zelic Pharma,
you don't produce your own drugs, you
distribute drugs and your focus area is
actually Asia. You don't deal with the
US market by design. How might you be
impacted by the spillover effect?
Yeah, I think that we will be impacted
by the supply disruption perhaps, but
not by the tariffs themselves. Most of
the products that we are supplying
within Asia are imported into Asia
either from the US or from Europe or
from Japan. Um and so we don't don't
envision any major impacts on our
products and our business as it as it
stands today.
We know that you do distribute drugs
made by Eli Ley for instance. Eli Lini,
Merc, FISA, these companies, these big
boys have been investing billions of
dollars in the US market to ramp up the
capacity uh in the US in anticipation of
the tariffs.
What spillover effect might that have
perhaps on a company like Zelicana?
Yeah, I think that most of these large
multinationals have created
manufacturing sites in the United States
to serve the United States market and
and markets close to the United States.
most of the product that we are uh
importing or a lot of it comes from from
Europe and other other parts of the
world. So we don't believe uh today that
our multinational supply chains will be
impacted to that extent especially since
most of our clients have already uh
diversified their supply chain to a
large extent.
So for yourself for Zelarma how are you
looking at your strategy over the next
four years?
Yeah so we have we have two major
business units. One is our
pharmaceutical distribution business um
where we distribute physical
distribution for the large pharma
companies and then we have a
commercialization business unit where we
actually work with either farmer
companies or small to mediumsiz biotech
companies to commercialize their
products in Azia. uh and because Azen
continues to be a very dynamic and
interesting growth market in general uh
we would expect to continue to invest uh
in in these in these businesses in Asia.
Let's talk about Wjaro in particular. Of
course, you got the rights to distribute
in Thailand. Talk to us about the demand
in Thailand and perhaps that demand
you're anticipating in the rest of
Southeast Asia.
Yeah, I don't think it's any different
to anywhere else in the world. Major of
course is uh in high demand. Uh I think
the important thing is uh the general
public need to understand that obesity
is actually a chronic disease. It's uh
very little to do with the cosmetic
aspect of of uh of the disease. And so
what we're trying to do is educate
patients and health care professionals
to treat obesity as a disease. Um and
what we see across Asia actually is that
obesity is a a silent pandemic if you
like. are on the increase. Uh changes in
lifestyle, the diets that people have,
the lack of exercise etc. is leading to
an increase in obesity and obesity
itself has a lot of knock-on effects. So
um if you are a patient with obesity,
you are at risk of having cardiovascular
uh events, liver liver,
what does that mean in terms of demand?
What kind of demand are you
anticipating? What kind of growth are
you anticipating as a result of you know
the need to address that? Yeah, I think
we because this is one of the first
drugs ever to be able to significantly
reduce weight, we believe that the the
demand for this product will be very
high.
Can you put a number to it?
Not at this point.
What numbers are you seeing right now?
We're seeing tremendous uh uh reception
for the product. Demand is very high,
but no numbers.
No numbers at this point.
But you you're anticipating accelerated
growth and you might want to be a
distributor for the rest of uh the
region. We have we have a multi-year
relationship with Eli where we work with
them in four markets in in Azan. So we
would expect to launch Munjara in all
four of those markets in the future.
What is the goal for the drug going
forward? I mean is there any effort to
bring the cost down for instance it is
an expensive drug?
Yeah at this point there's no uh no
intention to bring the cost down. uh it
is an innovative product with tremendous
efficacy and we believe that the cost
benefit at the current level of pricing
is absolutely uh appropriate.
Uh John, before we let you go, we want
to talk about the projections made by
the government in terms of GDP growth.
The target is 8% this year, 10% 26
onwards through 2030. Is that achievable
given the 20% tariffs that's being
imposed? Yeah, my experience with
Vietnam is that it's a very agile, very
entrepreneurial country. Um, we're very
committed to the business in in in
Vietnam and the growth that Vietnam is
aspiring to. Uh, I
but when when export when exports get
hit,
what will compensate for that?
Yeah, we will have to see how how the
tariffs impact the overall economy and
we believe that that will have a trickle
down effect even on the pharmaceutical
side of the business and healthcare. Um,
but Vietnam has surprised in the past
and I would expect they will continue to
surprise us.
On that optimistic John note, John, we
thank you so much for joining us. John
Graham there, CEO at Zelic Farmer.
Heading back to you, Von.
Very timely conversation there. Thanks
to our Hannah Aman insight anchor in
Hanoi for the tech comeback investment
summit. And subscribers can watch us
live and see our past interviews in our
interactive TV function TV go. Or you
can also dive into any of the securities
or member functions that we talk about
and become part of the conversation by
sending us instant messages as well.
Check it out at TVgo.
[Music]
happening this hour has been this NDRC
briefing which we've been trying to
track some of the lines crossing there.
Uh and what we're hearing so far is
talking a little bit more about uh the
economy. So they're saying domestic
demand remains China's main growth
driver. That's according to the NDRC
secretary that was speaking in the last
hour as well and also talking about
decoupling containment boost uh China's
selfres alliance resolve. So again,
given what the trade tensions are like,
you still see this whole sort of um
pressure and I guess efforts to really
boost innovation domestically in China.
Yeah. But I I do think it's interesting
when you talk about sort of trying to to
lift consumption within China, it
doesn't really dovetail that nicely with
the inflation figures. We've just got
out in the last hour because we saw yes
a slight increase in the CPI index, an
unexpected one as well, rising 0.1%. But
there is that question mark over how
much was this down to maybe an increase
in oil prices how much as well is it an
impact of government subsidies trading
programs that will have to end at some
point
all of which might fade right certainly
that is the the key question there and
as we've been talking about this whole
issue of over capacity in sectors like
EVs in sectors like food delivery that's
adding to those deflationary threats and
pressures as well so certainly that's
what we're hearing when it comes to the
NDRC side of things as well in terms of
the market check right now uh We're
pretty much I mean you're not seeing
stocks doing too much to be honest uh
given what we've been seeing with the
the headline risk that we're seeing when
it comes to President Trump and the like
but we are watching some individual
sectors like child care stocks for
example as well. Yeah, that's right. And
actually, just on that sort of final
point around around stocks, I mean, I
guess they don't have to rise that much
further because we've got the CSI 300
already looking at its year-to- date
high or fresh year-to- date high for
2025. But yes, that focus on what we see
for childcare stocks in particular this
morning. We are seeing gains here across
the board. The the the government here
is is vowing to expedite development of
an inclusive child care service system.
I mean it's interesting when you see
that effort from China to try and build
on their childare service centers you do
have that big question mark again how
how much upside is there given we had
those question marks last week around
these more subsidies and that proved to
be very shortlived.
Yeah I think Bloomber last week reported
that Beijing was planning to offer these
sort of cash handouts to families as
incentives for couples to to make some
babies right um as of course we deal
with the population decline the like. Uh
we're watching very closely the biotech
space as well. You know this whole 20
200% threat on tariffs uh in the farmer
side of things. Uh we're actually seeing
a decent picture when it comes to some
of these pharma stocks here this morning
as well as of course Trump hardens his
threats against uh pharma. Uh but you
know we're watching also the copper
side. Today it's pharma and today is
also about copper. Uh there you go.
following the press that we're seeing
the LME contracts as well as in Shanghai
here on the back of those 50% threats of
tariffs when it comes to copper. This is
Bloomberg.